well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
trump
mcconnell objections where the
republican party is headed
and a loyalty
is being reported that senator mcconnell
has reached out to other senators and
told them not to object
and if they do it's going to be voted
down
cool okay why is he doing that
obviously their self-interest you know
mcconnell
is wanting to distance himself from the
president and the president's actions
that makes sense he wants to uh
hopefully clear himself a little bit of
enabling trump for the last four years
that makes sense but he's setting up a
mcconnell versus trump showdown
now the conventional wisdom is that
mcconnell's doing this because he has to
defend the senate
and he knows that most americans see
these objections as
jokes as something that is undermining
the process
something that is kind of un-american
i mean because they are
so there's that but see i think there's
something else
mcconnell is trying to get control of
the republican party now he's going to
have
official control with trump leaving
office he's going to be the party leader
but he needs actual control he needs
that loyalty
so he's setting it up to where people
in congress both house and senate have
to make a choice
are they going to side with mcconnell or
are they going to side with
trump is the republican party going to
be the party of mcconnell
or the party of trump because even
though trump's leaving office and he's
not going to have any power officially
well he's still got social media and he
still has that fired
up base and this puts
republicans in the house and the senate
in a pretty uncomfortable position
because if they object mcconnell's
probably not going to be happy
they also know the objection is going to
lose because not just is it
pretty much certain to lose in the house
it's probably going to lose in the
senate too
so they're going to look silly they're
going to expend political capital
and a lot of them don't really have much
on the other hand trump values
loyalty above all else
and if they don't object or they don't
side with it well he might tweet about
them
i would point out that this is the
realistic breakdown
of the decision decision-making process
that's probably how the decision is
going to be made they're going to weigh
those two options
i would note that nowhere in it
does what's best for the country factor
into it
this is about power as is often the case
up on capitol hill
this is about determining who controls
that party
and we're gonna get to find out if uh
if there are objections if there are
people that side with those objections
the republican party is going to be
well they're they're going to be
fractured
for a while they're not going to have
the unity they need to do anything
and if there are no objections if
everybody falls in line behind mcconnell
trump becomes a laughingstock and his
base
becomes well disillusioned
and they may not continue to support the
republican party
it is a it's an interesting turn of
events
and uh it's a bold strategy
let's see if it pays off for him anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night